fix(docs): Clarify backlight & underglow use cases (#1244)
zmkfirmware/zmk: docs/docs/features/backlight.md

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

> Backlight is a feature used to control an array of LEDs, usually placed through or under switches. Unlike [RGB Underglow](underglow.md), backlight can only control single color LEDs. Additionally, because backlight LEDs all receive the same power, it's impossible to dim individual LEDs.

Reviewer: I think it would be nice to take this opportunity to separate out this information from the feature’s introduction:

```suggestion
Backlight is a feature used to control an array of LEDs, usually placed through or under switches. 

:::info
Unlike [RGB Underglow](underglow.md), backlight can only control single color LEDs. Additionally, because backlight LEDs all receive the same power, it's not possible to dim individual LEDs.
:::
```

In that suggestion I also swapped “impossible” for “not possible” which feels a little more friendly — but that’s purely subjective. 🙂

Author: I'm happy with that, friendlier is always better!
